alright with Gary man get here in his
dressing room and this is emma Mae sucka
com dude I gotta tell you that they need
fighting the night away before the main
event which I never understand anyway
man because your fight tonight was fight
of the night by far um just give us you
know break it down for me a little bit
man like tell me all about it you've got
a lot of it I you folks and bruises yeah
if we do then I'll try to remember what
I do remember of it it took me about
half around to wake up to remember that
it was in the main no van and the fights
going on I think it was a main cake that
woke me up right to the inside leg and
then I knew the fight was going on a
second round I just kind of came out I
knew I might have given the first round
away just cuz i was in a week so i knew
i was found one round dance off vivillon
on the side you're like well i see you
better in training Viviano zere and
yellowing Michael earlier and there we
gotta looking at me they know there's I
was enjoying my best at that time right
came out of the second and third round
just gave it all I could lay it out
there and you know so i can watch this a
week from now i know that i left it all
out there not regret anything about it
and uh yeah after the late kick to the
face i really don't remember rest of the
round or the third run these guys really
have you talking to me and it was good
my jaw is really setting in right now oh
how cool was it to have been the auto
finance here with you and watching FC
supports the revolution guys and being
training there and everything must be
quite an inspiration to be able to have
him here as well as to train with them
you know something is it's an
inspiration have any of these guys here
with like agent Tyler all these guys
like you know I've been working with Tim
lakes with me I've been with me since
day one and have any of these guys it
means a lot like this is the first time
I think we really have the full
revolution TMO see if you just usually
two of us that show up to these fights
at it really it felt like we were back
at the gym around the cage just doing
sparring sessions and that's what I
think brought the best out of me I don't
want this point these guys and then
Viviana being there you know it's just
that extra topping on the cake and
actually helped my performance I think
so what do you do now I mean do you keep
fighting amateur I did you step up to
pro we're going to talk about it
probably after this well I think it is
time for me to go pro now you know I've
had a pretty long amateur career now i
am supposed to fight for the amateur
Washington belt in October so I don't
know how if that's gonna get pro fight
if they're gonna do a pro Washington
Baelfire somehow no we really don't know
right now but I think I am ready to step
it up to pro now you know let's start
push it forward with is we're not
getting any younger yeah so how much
will that change your training I mean it
do just I mean you're there all the time
I mean I spent pretty much your entire
summer probably training for this yeah
how she did yeah summer 2010 was
dedicated to this so i can't wait to
enjoy the rest of summer 2010 now i just
not have your wake up tomorrow and think
that the fights come in one day closer
trainees have made any difference in the
first day I came into a revolution I've
been kind of training as a pro's away
would never be kind of a drastic change
like you know what I train was with some
of the best profilers around in Canada
if not the world so you know nothing's
really going to change it just my own
wine cited for we going to get because
now I'm going up to five min around the
level of competition the mental state is
del finger to play a lot more now
because you know professional athlete
you are a whole nother mental limit so
yeah they'll probably be the only thing
that will change I'm gonna have to work
on myself for that but anything else is
going to stay the same April carrion
partners st. Jim same people I've been
surrounded by they're my family right so
they've been there for day one how
frustrating is it the to know that if
you wanted to fight pro you're gonna
have to fight somewhere else than
vancouver yeah i'm probably going to
have to go to the US again probably
enough to go to the states that's where
started my amateur career so that's why
a lot of people here that i do we've
only seen you fly once we can even know
you oughta stop at analyst we find out
from youtube or something that because
they thought I only had to fight a lot
of people think I've only active eyes
the one in May with battlefield in this
one but I've been in the States for the
past few years fighting up there under
like
you know same car does Ryan to where
could we just yeah I my first amateur
fight was I he was the main event I was
the co-main event in the States and you
know he just turned pro elite strike
force and he's had two same amount of
fights oh yeah probably have to go back
to the States it's not probably be
farther up East I'm it's unfortunate
yeah it definitely is a love fighting
from the home crowd it definitely pushed
me today I was crazy to hear them
chanting my name these are the only
things I ever kind of laid up at night
kind of thinking about one day this day
would come I didn't think it would come
like you know you kind of imagined it
but you don't expect it always kind of
show up and when it does you're like
it's really happening now and I was
actually the cage one that I realized
that I was really happening down last
question for it and just a lot of people
out there say you know fighters are a
bunch of gangsters and thugs they'll
give us a little bit tell us a little
bit about you you know something I don't
come from any rough childhood I don't
come from I was like you know my family
is it raised me well if anything I was
just kind of a picked on kid I never
made the basketball team I was too slow
for the soccer team I was always the
follower I get stuffed in bloggers
picked on I was a easy kid to pick on
and once I moved up to Vancouver buff
about four years ago I just came across
mixed martial arts and you know
something when you spend your whole
life's 17 18 years of your life being
told what to do what you're capable of
what you're not capable of you kind of
want to start proving people wrong and
now I'm the only one who tells myself
but I'm capable of what I'm not capable
world oh and I'm capable of everything
and there's no limit to me and that's
something that makes martial arts has
given me it wasn't me coming them having
to kick me off the streets so i can
direct my negative energy towards a
positive way if anything i'd be a neck
fat kids sitting doing a county right
now probably be getting married next
year to somewhere arranged marriage
right
all right let's do remain you that's mm
a second calm here I appreciate
mattingly graduation they mail free on
it that was awesome